CLI blog article (#69)
netobserv/documents: blogs/cli/index.md

# Network Observability On Demand

![logo](./images/cli_logo.png)

> By: Julien Pinsonneau

Author: @jotak & @skrthomas let's add you there ! Thanks for your help, correcting my franglsh and improving this article

```suggestion
By: Julien Pinsonneau 
Thanks to: Joël Takvorian and Sara Thomas for reviewing
```

Installing an entire observability stack may be hard to handle and not worth in some cases. That's why we are introducing Network Observability CLI as a technical preview ! 
This first version of the tool allows users to capture `flows` or `packets` running a simple command. It reuses the netobserv components without the need to install and configure operator(s).

## Architecture

![arch](./images/cli_architecture.png)

> The CLI deploys eBPF agents as DaemonSet embedding flowlogs pipeline in the same pods. These will collect either flows or packets and send these data to a collector pod. The collector pod will display the collected content during the capture and store flows as JSONs + sqlite database and packets as pcap file.

Author: gotcha ! Thanks Sara !

Behind the scene, your local terminal is calling `oc run` to deploy the collector and then `oc exec` for a distant terminal access. Finally, when you exit a capture using `CTRL + C`, the CLI runs `oc cp` command to copy the output files to your local machine.

## A different approach for each scenario

> Let's first compare which deployment methods of the Network Observability stack best fit with these example scenarios:

Author: we could add such in the official doc, in `About Network Observability` section when CLI will be GA :angel:

## How to install ?

`kubectl` and `oc` CLIs allows installation of plugins that extends their capabilities with additionnal commands.
A plugin is mainly a script placed in your `PATH` and prefixed with the corresponding <cli+command> name such as `oc-netobserv`.
Read more about [kubectl-plugins](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubectl/kubectl-plugins/) and [oc-plugins](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/cli_reference/openshift_cli/extending-cli-plugins.html#cli-installing-plugins_cli-extend-plugins).

For the purpose of this article, the following commands assume you are using `oc`.

### The krew way

> Krew itself is a kubectl plugin that is installed and updated via Krew (yes, Krew self-hosts).

Follow the instructions on [krew.sigs.k8s.io](https://krew.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user-guide/setup/install/) official website.
Once installed, run the following command to install netobserv:
```
oc krew install netobserv
```

### From tar archive

> Download the latest version either from [github releases]((https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-cli/releases)) or [mirror.openshift.com](https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/amd64/clients/).

Author: ```suggestion
Download the latest version either from [github releases]((https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-cli/releases)) or [developers.redhat.com](https://developers.redhat.com/content-gateway/rest/mirror2/pub/openshift-v4/clients/netobserv/latest).
```

> Download the latest version either from [github releases]((https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-cli/releases)) or [developers.redhat.com](https://developers.redhat.com/content-gateway/rest/mirror2/pub/openshift-v4/clients/netobserv/latest).

Author: ```suggestion
Download the latest version either from [github releases](https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-cli/releases) or [developers.redhat.com](https://developers.redhat.com/content-gateway/rest/mirror2/pub/openshift-v4/clients/netobserv/latest).
```

Let's start a packet capture using the following command:
```
oc netobserv packets tcp,80
```

Similarly to the previous scenario, the script will connect to your cluster and start deploying eBPF agents and collector pod but capturing full packet content this time.

Once first packet is captured, you will see a table with the amount of packets and bytes:

![cli packets](./images/packet_capture_scenario_cli.png)

Let the capture run enough time to get some packets and press `CTRL + C` to exit.
Open the generated pcap file using Wireshark and look for your IP as source for example:

![wireshark unencrypted packets](./images/wireshark_unencrypted_pcap.png)

This time, we can see the HTTP content and see the request URL and response. Since we have the entire payload, we cand check for any authentification header, cookie, encoding and so on that may be wrong. 
This is useful to identify traffic content but also to debug a deployment that may be misconfigured or requesting unexpected content on unencrypted connections.

#### Encrypted traffic

What about encrypted traffic ? 

> Most of the time, your traffic will be secured and you will not have access to the data it holds. However, Wireshark has the ability to decrypt the content if you [provide the proper secrets](https://wiki.wireshark.org/TLS#tls-decryption). However, getting these secrets may be tricky depending on where the encryption happens and needs some juggling. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the time, your traffic is secured and you do not have access to the data it holds. However, Wireshark has the ability to decrypt the content if you [provide the proper secrets](https://wiki.wireshark.org/TLS#tls-decryption). However, getting these secrets may be tricky, depending on where the encryption happens, and needs some juggling. 
```

Reviewer: Future tense cleaning and commas around a phrase

If you are looking for the traffic between your browser and the cluster, you can simply run the following command to capture [pre-master-secret keylog file](https://wiki.wireshark.org/TLS#using-the-pre-master-secret):
```
SSLKEYLOGFILE="keylog.txt" chromium-browser &
```

This generated file contains each client and server traffic secrets to decode your packets.

Then in Wireshark, specify the file path in `Edit→Preferences→Protocols→TLS→(Pre)-Master-Secret log filename`. A single file can hold keys for multiple TLS connections.

![wireshark tls keylog](./images/wireshark_tls_keylog.png)

> You should now have access to decrypted packets !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now have access to decrypted packets!
```

> What about a secure connection between two pods ? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What about a secure connection between two pods? 
```

> For these cases, you need to have a good understanding of what's involved behind the scene. If your application rely on OpenSSL, GnuTLS or NSS TLS library, you should be able to set the `SSLKEYLOGFILE` enviroment variable and extract the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For these cases, you need to have a good understanding of what's involved behind the scene. If your application relies on an OpenSSL, GnuTLS or NSS TLS library, you should be able to set the `SSLKEYLOGFILE` enviroment variable and extract the result.
```

> For our nodejs example, you need to either use the cli option [--tls-keylog](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#cli_tls_keylog_file) or modify the code and subscribe on [keylog event](https://nodejs.org/api/tls.html#event-keylog). When multiple teams are involved, that may take a while !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our nodejs example, you need to either use the cli option [`--tls-keylog`](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#cli_tls_keylog_file) or modify the code and subscribe on [keylog event](https://nodejs.org/api/tls.html#event-keylog). When multiple teams are involved, that may take a while!
```

Reviewer: I think backticks should go around this cli option, and removing a space between the end of the sentence and the punctuation.

> Another alternative is to get a man in the middle approach using a proxy. This can be done using [kubetap](https://soluble-ai.github.io/kubetap/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another alternative is to get a man-in-the-middle approach by using a proxy. This can be done using [kubetap](https://soluble-ai.github.io/kubetap/).
```

> You can install it using krew by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install it using Krew by running:
```

```
oc krew install tap
```

Then you can run the following command to port forward the traffic of your service to the proxy:
```
oc tap on -n packet-capture-scenario -p 3001 --https nodejs-basic --port-forward
```

The output should look like this:
```
Establishing port-forward tunnels to Service...
                                                                                     

Port-Forwards:

  mitmproxy - http://127.0.0.1:2244
  nodejs-basic - http://127.0.0.1:4000
```

> Open the mitm proxy url and generate a query to your route. You will see queries listed in the proxy web UI with the content displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the mitm proxy url and generate a query to your route. You can see queries listed in the proxy web UI with the content displayed:
```

![mitm proxy](./images/mitm_proxy.png)

## Future improvements

> For now, the Network Observability CLI is only providing `capture commands` such as [many other observability projects](https://github.com/collabnix/kubetools?tab=readme-ov-file#observability) but it will improve to embed tools to facilitate your life as much as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, the Network Observability CLI is only providing `capture commands` such as [many other observability projects](https://github.com/collabnix/kubetools?tab=readme-ov-file#observability).  There are planned improvements to embed tools to facilitate your life as much as possible.
```

Reviewer: Just a more legally-sound future plan. I wonder about "facilitate your life"...like "improve" your life? Just wondering if there's more we can unpack here. It is a big statement! And in what ways 🤔 I guess, when I think of something facilitating another thing, I think of it as something that _moves something along_. Maybe "facilitate ease in observing network traffic" or something like that 😆

Author: Indeed, here I have in mind observing, identifying and debugging network but honnestly I don't know where the CLI will end in next years. It could become even more than that !

> We have in mind to improve the capture process by automatically finding ips and ports matching to the pods you are looking for and automatically filter on these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have in mind to improve the capture process by automatically finding IP addresses and ports that match to the pods you are looking for and automatically filtering on these.
```

Reviewer: I think the gerund verb was misplaced here, so filtering should be the gerund and match is the regular verb.

> The packet capture needs to be improved to align with flows filter capabilities and facilitate decryption of traffic. We are also investigating on ways to embed enriched information inside the pcap file format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The packet capture needs to be improved to align with flows filter capabilities and facilitate decryption of traffic. We are also investigating ways to embed enriched information inside the pcap file format.
```

> Also, the CLI could hold additionnal functionnalities such as, installing and configuring the Network Observability Operator, in a step by step setup way, including Loki and Prometheus configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the CLI could hold additional functionalities, such as installing and configuring the Network Observability Operator in a step-by-step setup, including Loki and Prometheus configurations.
```

Reviewer: Some frenglish translation and comma rearranging 🙃

Author: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a29df2c0-b5a4-41b1-8a2a-5f980d72efcb)

# Network Observability On Demand

![logo](./images/cli_logo.png)

By: Julien Pinsonneau

> Installing an entire observability stack may be hard to handle and not worth in some cases. That's why we are introducing Network Observability CLI as developer preview ! 

Reviewer 2: strictly speaking it's a tech preview :)

```suggestion
Installing an entire observability stack may be hard to handle and not worth in some cases. That's why we are introducing Network Observability CLI as a technical preview ! 
```

> This first version of the tool allow users to capture `flows` or `packets` running a simple command. It reuse the netobserv components without the need to install and configure operator(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This first version of the tool allows users to capture `flows` or `packets` running a simple command. It reuses the netobserv components without the need to install and configure operator(s).
```

It's not worth installing the operator and dependent storage(s) for a short debug session or to get a preview of what eBPF agents can capture whereas it makes sense for a long run scenario where you aim to keep history of logs or metrics for several days.

To see flows in details, both CLI and Operators allows you to deep dive into the K8S enriched fields (Node / Owner / Pod / Service names + Zones) and featured fields such as Bytes / Packets drops, DNS Ids and Latencies and Round Trip Time.

## How to install ?

`kubectl` and `oc` CLIs allows installation of plugins that extends their capabilities with additionnal commands.
A plugin is mainly a script placed in your `PATH` and prefixed with the corresponding <cli+command> name such as `oc-netobserv`.
Read more about [kubectl-plugins](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubectl/kubectl-plugins/) and [oc-plugins](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/cli_reference/openshift_cli/extending-cli-plugins.html#cli-installing-plugins_cli-extend-plugins).

For the purepose of this article, the following commands assume you are using `oc`.

### The krew way

```

> Krew itself is a kubectl plugin that is installed and updated via Krew (yes, Krew self-hosts).

Author: it's a quote from official website description

> Krew itself is a kubectl plugin that is installed and updated via Krew (yes, Krew self-hosts).

Reviewer 2: Ah, I think we'd rather use "> ..." to quote text then (` ``` ` is more used for code, console output, etc.). Like:

> Krew itself is a kubectl plugin that is installed and updated via Krew (yes, Krew self-hosts).

> Krew itself is a kubectl plugin that is installed and updated via Krew (yes, Krew self-hosts).

Author: done in https://github.com/netobserv/documents/pull/69/commits/9727aad8b547f378bcff6dae2dd618f9441010bb

> ```
> Krew itself is a kubectl plugin that is installed and updated via Krew (yes, Krew self-hosts).
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
"Krew itself is a kubectl plugin that is installed and updated via Krew (yes, Krew self-hosts)."
```

Follow the instructions on [https://krew.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user-guide/setup/install/](krew.sigs.k8s.io) official website.
Once installed, run the following command to install netobserv:
```

> oc krew install netobserv

Author: that's the final goal but for now krew with oc is tech preview
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/cli_reference/openshift_cli/managing-cli-plugins-krew.html

CLI manager is supposed to provide oc and krew out of the box in the future
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/WRKLDS-863

options:
  flows      Capture flows information. Use options below for features / filtering.
        Options:
          --interfaces: interfaces to monitor
          --enable_pktdrop: enable packet drop (default: false)
          --enable_dns: enable DNS tracking (default: false)
          --enable_rtt: enable RTT tracking (default: false)
          --enable_filter: enable flow filter (default: false)
          --direction: flow filter direction
          --cidr: flow filter CIDR (default: 0.0.0.0/0)
          --protocol: flow filter protocol
          --sport: flow filter source port
          --dport: flow filter destination port
          --port: flow filter port
          --sport_range: flow filter source port range
          --dport_range: flow filter destination port range
          --port_range: flow filter port range
          --icmp_type: ICMP type
          --icmp_code: ICMP code
          --peer_ip: peer IP
          --action: flow filter action (default: Accept)
  packets    Capture packets from a specific protocol/port pair such as 'netobserv packets tcp,80'.
  cleanup    Remove netobserv components.
  version    Print software version.
  ```

> As you can see, the CLI offers two captures options for now:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you can see, the CLI offers two capture options for now:
```

Reviewer 2: The two options "flows" and "packets" are presented too far apart (packet being listed much below), and it is mixed up with another bullet list (just after "This will write data into two separate files").

I think it could be rewritten with sub-sections, such as:

```suggestion
As you can see, the CLI offers two capture options for now: `flows` and `packets`.

### oc netobserv flows

[...]

### oc netobserv packets

[...]

```

- `packets` to get pcap file containing [full packet data](https://github.com/netobserv/netobserv-ebpf-agent/blob/main/examples/packetcapture-dump/README.md). 

![packets](./images/packet_table.png)

It will display a table view with latest packets collected and write data under output/pcap directory.
To stop capturing press `CTRL + C`.

This will write pcap into a single file located in `./output/pcap/<CAPTURE_DATE_TIME>.pcap` that can be opened with Wireshark for example:

![wireshark](./images/wireshark.png)

This command must have both protocol and port specified to work. We will improve the packet capture filtering options in the future.
Packet drop, DNS latencies and RTT features are not available in this command.

A third option called `cleanup` allows you to remove any remaining netobserv component. That should not happen since this command is automatically run when exiting the capture but it may be necessary to manually execute it in case of connectivity issue or crash.

### Use cases

Let's move on some concrete scenarios. For each of the following use cases, you must have `netobserv CLI` installed and you need to be connected to your cluster using:
```

> oc login <CLUSTER_API_URL> --username <CLUSTER_ADMIN> --password <PASSWORD>

Reviewer 2: they can use any other valid method, such as `oc login --token=... --server=...`, this would also work ; Maybe just don't mention the logging method?

```

> To observ what's our CLI deploys on your cluster, you can run `oc events -n netobserv-cli -w` command to watch all the events happening in the `netobserv-cli` namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To observe what's our CLI deploys on your cluster, you can run `oc events -n netobserv-cli -w` command to watch all the events happening in the `netobserv-cli` namespace.
```

creating flow-capture agents:
env: pktdrop_enable, env_value: true
env: dns_enable, env_value: true
env: rtt_enable, env_value: true
env: filter_enable, env_value: true
env: filter_peer_ip, env_value: 10.129.0.48
daemonset.apps/netobserv-cli created
Waiting for daemon set "netobserv-cli" rollout to finish: 0 of 2 updated pods are available...
Waiting for daemon set "netobserv-cli" rollout to finish: 1 of 2 updated pods are available...
daemon set "netobserv-cli" successfully rolled out
Running network-observability-cli get-flows... 
pod/collector created
pod/collector condition met
```

Once that done, it will connect to the collector and display its output:
```
Starting network-observability-cli:
=====
Build Version: 
Build Date: 

INFO[0000] Running network-observability-cli
Log level: info
Filter(s): --enable_pktdrop=true --enable_dns=true --enable_rtt=true --enable_filter=true --peer_ip=10.129.0.48 
INFO[0000] Starting Flow Capture...                     
INFO[0000] Creating database...                         
INFO[0000] flows.db created                             
INFO[0000] Create flows table...                        
INFO[0000] flows table created
```

> At this stage, the collector wait for incoming data. If nothing shows yet, it means that no traffic is captured. Try to open the route of your application or update the filters of the capture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this stage, the collector waits for incoming data. If nothing shows yet, it means that no traffic is captured. Try to open the route of your application or update the filters of the capture.
```

Once some traffic is captured, the output will look like:
![cli dropped](./images/connectivity_scenario_cli_dropped.png)

You can cycle to different views using left / right arrow keys and change the displayed enrichment colomns using page up / down ones.
Also, to adapt to your screen height, you can increase / decrease the number of displayed flows using up / down arrow keys.

In this capture, we see that the traffic is blocked by OVS since it reports the `OVS_DROP_LAST_ACTION` drop cause. This probably means that a Network Policy is involved.
Edit your network policies and give another try.

Behind the scenes in our scenario, we used to have a deny all on the pod label:
```
kind: NetworkPolicy
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: deny-nodejs
  namespace: connectivity-scenario
spec:
  podSelector:
    matchLabels:
      app: nodejs-basic
  policyTypes:
    - Ingress
    - Egress
```

Once you updated your policies, you can give another try to your route until you fix the issue:
![cli ok](./images/connectivity_scenario_cli_ok.png)

> The drop cause will dissapear and your route should open correctly now. On top of that, you can ensure that the Round Trip Time is correct. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The drop cause will disappear and your route should open correctly now. On top of that, you can ensure that the Round Trip Time is correct. 
```

> If you are still experienting issues with the route, you may update / get rid of the filter(s) and play with live filtering.

Reviewer 2: just a suggestion, here and in other places where you use "(s)"
```suggestion
If you are still experienting issues with the route, you may update / get rid of the filters and play with live filtering.
```

note, I _think_ it's fine in English to use plural when either singular or plural would work, ie. writing "filters" instead of "filter(s)", which is less cumbersome. cc @skrthomas , is it correct?

- While running a capture, you can place additionnal live filters to the view by simply typing keywords on your keyboard such as `nodejs`:
![cli live filter](./images/connectivity_scenario_cli_live_filter.png)

- And add as many keywords as you want by pressing enter:
![cli live filters](./images/connectivity_scenario_cli_live_filters.png)

> - If your deployment involve some DNS resolution, you can switch to the DNS display and show latencies and errors:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If your deployment involves some DNS resolution, you can switch to the DNS display and show latencies and errors:
```

Once you updated your policies, you can give another try to your route until you fix the issue:
![cli dns](./images/connectivity_scenario_cli_dns.png)

  Those `NxDomain` errors could be from a misconfiguration in your app deployment trying to reach the wrong domain.

Once you are done, simply press `CTRL + C` to exit. Your capture will be copied to your local machine for post mortem analysis.

That's the end of the first scenario about connectivity checks !

#### Identify unknown traffic content

In this next scenario, we are going to dig into unknown packets using unencrypted traffic on `TCP` protocol on port `80`. We usually avoid such usage on production cluster and would like to understand who's involved in these.

> For the demo purepose, we are using again a nodejs basic deployment, exposing unencrypted traffic on port 80 in `packet-capture-scenario` namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the demo purpose, we are using again a nodejs basic deployment, exposing unencrypted traffic on port 80 in `packet-capture-scenario` namespace.
```

Let's start a packet capture using the following command:
```
oc netobserv packets tcp,80
```

Similarly to the previous scenario, the script will connect to your cluster and start deploying eBPF agents and collector pod but capturing full packet content this time.

Once first packet is captured, you will see a table with the amount of packets and bytes:

![cli packets](./images/packet_capture_scenario_cli.png)

> Let the capture run enough time to get some packets and press `CTRL + C` to exit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let the capture run long enough to get some packets and press `CTRL + C` to exit.
```

Open the generated pcap file using Wireshark and look for your IP as source for example:

![wireshark unencrypted packets](./images/wireshark_unencrypted_pcap.png)

> This time, we can see the HTTP content and see the request URL and response. Since we have the entire payload, we cand check for any authentification header, cookie, encoding and so on that may be wrong. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This time, we can see the HTTP content and see the request URL and response. Since we have the entire payload, we can check for any authentication header, cookie, encoding and so on that may be wrong. 
```

> This is usefull to identify traffic content but also to debug a deployment that may be misconfigured or requesting unexpected content on unencrypted connections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is useful to identify traffic content but also to debug a deployment that may be misconfigured or requesting unexpected content on unencrypted connections.
```

For our nodejs example, you need to either use the cli option [--tls-keylog](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#cli_tls_keylog_file) or modify the code and subscribe on [keylog event](https://nodejs.org/api/tls.html#event-keylog). When multiple teams are involved, that may take a while !

Another alternative is to get a man in the middle approach using a proxy. This can be done using [kubetap](https://soluble-ai.github.io/kubetap/).

You can install it using krew by running:
```
oc krew install tap
```

Then you can run the following command to port forward the traffic of your service to the proxy:
```
oc tap on -n packet-capture-scenario -p 3001 --https nodejs-basic --port-forward
```

The output should look like this:
```
Establishing port-forward tunnels to Service...
                                                                                     

Port-Forwards:

  mitmproxy - http://127.0.0.1:2244
  nodejs-basic - http://127.0.0.1:4000
```

> Open the mitm proxy url and generate a query to your route. You will see queries listed in the proxy web UI with the the content displayed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open the mitm proxy url and generate a query to your route. You will see queries listed in the proxy web UI with the content displayed:
```

![mitm proxy](./images/mitm_proxy.png)

> ## Future improvments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Future improvements
```

> For now, the Network Observability CLI is only providing `capture commands` such as [many other observability projects](https://github.com/collabnix/kubetools?tab=readme-ov-file#observability) but it will be improve to embedd tools to facilitate your life as much as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For now, the Network Observability CLI is only providing `capture commands` such as [many other observability projects](https://github.com/collabnix/kubetools?tab=readme-ov-file#observability) but it will improve to embed tools to facilitate your life as much as possible.
```

We have in mind to improve the capture process by automatically finding ips and ports matching to the pods you are looking for and automatically filter on these.

> The packet capture needs to be improved to align with flows filter capabilities and facilitate decryption of traffic. We are also investigating on ways to embedd enriched information inside the pcap file format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The packet capture needs to be improved to align with flows filter capabilities and facilitate decryption of traffic. We are also investigating on ways to embed enriched information inside the pcap file format.
```

Also, the CLI could hold additionnal functionnalities such as, installing and configuring the Network Observability Operator, in a step by step setup way, including Loki and Prometheus configurations.

> It could become 'yet another' toolset of observing and debugging tools such as [inspektor-gadget](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget).

Reviewer 2: One thing that we could put forward, more than just "yet another tool", is that it's validated & tested with openshift. iirc, last time I tried inspektor gadget it didn't run out of the box with openshift , probably because of SCC (I don't remember exactly), it needed some tweaks/hacks here and there. Whereas for netobserv CLI, openshift is first class citizen

Author: that's smart indeed ! How about:
```suggestion
It could become 'yet another' toolset of observing and debugging tools such as [inspektor-gadget](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget) but fully tested and supported by Red Hat as part of the [Openshift Network Observability](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/observability/network_observability/network-observability-overview.html) .
```
